# Midterm Project ideas:

**To-Do List App**

Features: 
- Task CRUD: User can create, read, update and delete the task. 
- Filters: User can filter task by status. 
- Due dates: User can set due dates for the tasks and also filter them. 
- Categories/Tags: User can create their own categories.(work, life, urgent...)
- Search: User can search for specific task. 
- Notifications: Remind user upcoming tasks. 
- Repeating tasks: User can set tasks repeat daily, weekly... 

Known: 
- Use figma to design the interface of the app. 
- Use CSS to style the page. 
- Use useState to keep track of all the tasks. 
```
const [tasks, setTasks] = useState([])
```
- Use useState to handle CRUD of the tasks. 
- Use useState to filter the tasks. 

Unknown(Need more research): 
- How to implement search function with React in the app?
- How to enable notification with React? （Could be a daily email sent every morning）
- How do I achieve repeating tasks feature? 

**Recipe Finder App**

Features: 
- Recipe Search: User get to search recipes base on what they have in fridge. 
- Recipe Lists: Display list of recipes matching with the user inputs.
- Recipe Details: By clicking on recipe, display ingredients, preparation steps, cooking time and servings. 
- Recipe Datas: Using available API to get datas. 
- Recipe Rating and comments: Display recipe rating and comments. User can rate and leave comments. 

Known: 
- Use figma to design the interface. 
- Use CSS to style the page. 
- Use .map() to loop through all recipes from the API
- Use useState to check if user clicked on the card, if so, expand the recipe card and display details.
``` 
const [expandedCard, setExpandedCard] = useState(null);
```


**An interface of Image Generation Model - VAHA**

VAHA is a Image Generate model which generates artwork base on your emotion. 

Features: 
- Real time emotion detection
- Artwork generation preview on each steps 
- User Customization - User can choose the emotion inputs 
- Art gallery - Display previous generated image 
- Artwork evaluation & selection: Display top 3 images generated by the model, and user get to choose the one they like the best. 

Known:
- Use figma to design the interface
- Use CSS to style the page
- Use useState to store the detected emotion
```
const [detectedEmotion, setDetectedEmotion] = useState(null)
```
- Display generated image on each epoch by using epochImages state to store and display
```
const [epochImages, setEpochImages] = useState([])
```
- Use html option tag to allow user select available emotion tag for model inputs. 

Unknown(Need more research and try):
- How to host model on backend api.
- How to build connection between front-end and back-end.


